# **Movie Recommendation AI Module**

This repository contains the AI module for the movie recommendation app. It implements two recommendation algorithms: Content-Based Filtering and Collaborative Filtering. The recommendations generated by the AI module are served through a Flask server, which interacts with the backend of the application.

## Recommendation Algorithms

### 1. Content-Based Filtering

Content-Based Filtering recommends movies to users based on the attributes of the movies they have previously rated or interacted with. It analyzes the features of the movies, such as genre, actors, directors, and plot keywords, to suggest similar movies to the user.

### 2. Collaborative Filtering

Collaborative Filtering recommends movies to users based on the preferences of similar users. It identifies users who have rated movies similarly in the past and recommends movies that those users have enjoyed but the current user has not yet seen.

## Implementation Details

The AI module is implemented using Python and utilizes popular libraries for machine learning and recommendation systems, such as scikit-learn and pandas.

The Flask server is responsible for handling requests from the backend of the movie recommendation app and providing movie recommendations generated by the AI algorithms.

## Getting Started

To get started with the AI module of the movie recommendation app, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/Absolute-Cinema-2024/AI.git
   ```

2. **Install dependencies:**
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. **Run the Flask server:**
   ```
   python app.py
   ```

## Usage

Once the Flask server is running, the recommendation APIs are available to the backend of the movie recommendation app. The backend can send requests to the following endpoints:

- **GET /recommendation/content-based:** Get content-based movie recommendations.
- **GET /recommendation/collaborative-filtering:** Get collaborative filtering movie recommendations.

## Contributing

Contributions to the AI module are welcome! To contribute to this project, follow these steps:

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature/new-feature`).
3. Make your changes.
4. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
5. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/new-feature`).
6. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). Feel free to use and modify it according to your needs.

---

For any questions or support, please contact [the7ag](mailto:the7ag22477@gmail.com). Thank you for using our movie recommendation AI module!
